(1 -  What's your opinion on the main character design?)
I thought it was snowing (because of the dots on her face)
What are those dots on her face?
Deer with hair in cool girl costume
"It's a deer? Like a high school deer?"
It's got fur and also hair on her, it's a little odd
Isn't enough detail to tell it's a deer from distnce
Where are the ears?
Looks like black girl with white acne
Vitiligo
Cool girl that is cold and got a problem in the skin
But she's stylish

(2 - Does the sound fit the artstyle)
n/a (yet to ask)

(3 - What do you expect from rhythm games)
Rhythm yes
tempo
have a twisted story, not enough rhythm game do that
have you played just shapes and beet
how about a post apocalyptic rhythm game
Tap buttons in time with the song

(4 - Do the colours of the main character work well together?)
yeah yes sweet yeah they're very saturated though the skin tone the eyes if that's intentional though there's lot of shadow 
disco, Woo!
yeah
given more punk rock vibes
Is it a old woman deer, is the hair black or grey?
Piercings

(5 - How old are you, and have you played a rhythm game before?)
No
'I'm one of the oldest here'

(6 - What do you associate with disco)
A wheel
Big shiny ball
Lots of flashing lights n stuff
yazuka 0
drugs definitely yeah
Drink spiked and being taken by someone random
also baggy pants
colours saturated colours
dancing disco
curly burrito hairstyle
Saturday Night Fever

(7 - Would you like the option to choose difficulty?)
yes uh no
J: Rhythm games need difficulty
M: Definitely not
J: Why not, are you bad at rhythm games
M: It should be designed properly to fit the flow curve
We don't know how to press buttons quickly
Learning how to press buttons in the rhythm
but when you do finish learning we want more of a challenge
having the song not play when you don't press the buttons a la friday night funkin
Have you played guitar hero... etc. etc.
The hardest level in guitar hero they are not following the sound 
when you play it you notice if it's out of the rhythm
The maximum difficulty was just add buttons to make it harder for you

(8 - What information do you gain from the inbattle information?)
Aspect ratio is 16:9
Is the 39% how complete you are with the song
"No those are health bars"
i think it's too much imformation (having percentage + health bar)
those are the buttons for the rhyhm
and then there is good guys and bad guys 
the good guy is looking at "three glasses on the floor" (this was badly drawn)
and the bad guy is playing piano

(9 - Does this menu seem intuitive?)
No
no i don't know what's going on really
because you're not following the gestalt laws there's no proximity
i don't know which one if I can just pick this one or this one
i know the differences because of the colour but yah
I would seperate them into different grops
you seperate them depending on what order you pick them

(10 - Does the gameplay seem meaningful?)
n/a